* Useful Makefile targets

The following 'make' targets exist for your convenience:

  make validate
        validate the well-formedness of all SGML materials

  make all
        build all languages in all formats

  make developers-reference.sgml.validate
        validate the well-formedness of the English manual

  make developers-reference.html
        build the English manual


* Contacting

To contain the maintainers of this package, email
<developers-reference@packages.debian.org>.


* Contributing

If you want to contribute to the Developer's Reference, it's best to
first submit a few patches as bug reports.  Writing patches for
existing bugs are also always appreciated.  You may wish to make
patches against the CVS sources, about which see below.

Do not commit patches to the developers reference yourself unless
authorized to do so. Patches need to be finalized and common opinion
before they are applied. This is even true if you happen to have
cvs access for other reasons.


* CVS

If you're interested in ongoing maintenance, once you've shown that
you've mastered the style of the manual with a couple accepted
patches, you can be given CVS pserver access. If you have already
access to the CVS server for other reasons, do not use it unless
authorized to do so.

Instructions on how to get the CVS version of this software, including
how to get CVS access, can be found at
<URL:http://www.debian.org/doc/cvs>.


* Translators

We have tried to keep language-independant bits of text in common.ent.
Feel free to truck stuff out of the English manual into common.ent if
it's useful, or else report the problem.

You should exploit CVS to see the diffs between when the document was
last translated and the latest version.  Be sure to set the cvs-en-rev
entity as appropriate when you do update a translation.

We have provided commands to help with this.  To see the difference in
numbers between the latest translated version and the latest version,
do, for instance:

  ./translation-status fr

To get the diff between the latest translated version and the latest
version:

  ./translation-status -d fr


